Update DG with Edit Transaction command (#106)
AY2324S1-CS2103-T16-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

automatically handle the visual ordering and representation of transactions with the `TransactionsListPanel` in the UI. The details
and diagrams for this part will be elaborated further in the UI section (and other relevant sections) of this Developer Guide.

#### Edit Transaction

##### Overview

> The `edit_transaction` command edits an existing `Transaction` from the `TransactionList` in UniCash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `edit_transaction` command edits an existing `Transaction` from the `TransactionList` in UniCa$h.
```

> The following sequence diagram shows how the different components of UniCash interact with each other. It is further explained in the **Details** section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sequence diagram shows how the different components of UniCa$h interact with each other. It is further explained in the **Details** section below.
```

<img src="images/unicash/EditTransactionSequenceDiagram.png" width="1200" />

##### Details

1. The user specifies the transaction to be edited by first stating the (one-based) index of the transaction they want to edit. This
   is followed by listing the fields and updated values that they would like to edit.
   (E.g. `edit_transaction 1 n/Food Clique c/food`)

> 2. The raw user input will be parsed by `EditCommandTransactionParser`, and if it is invalid, `ParserException` is thrown, prompting for the user to enter again. It is important to note that at this point, a valid index is any integer that is 1 or greater.

Reviewer: "raw user input" seems abit odd since it actually only parses the `1 n/Food Clique c/food` part whereas raw input means it includes the `edit_transaction` in front, just a very minor nit

3. If the input is valid, the `EditCommandTransactionParser` creates an `EditTransactionDescriptor` object, which contains the edits which the user wishes to make to the transaction.
4. An `EditTransactionCommand` is constructed with the one-based index of the transaction to edit and the `EditTransactionDescriptor` object. This `EditTransactionCommand` is then returned by the `EditCommandTransactionParser`

> 5. The `LogicManager` will then invoke the execute command of the `EditTransactionCommand`, editing the `Transaction` in UniCash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The `LogicManager` will then invoke the execute command of the `EditTransactionCommand`, editing the `Transaction` in UniCa$h.
```

6. The `EditTransactionCommand#execute` method then first checks if the one-based index is too large (i.e. if there are only `n` transactions, but the index provided is greater than `n`). If this is true, then a `CommandException` is thrown,
   prompting the user to input an index that is at most, the number of transactions available. If the `CommandException` is not thrown at the step above, then the execution proceeds.

> 7. The `EditTransactionCommand#execute` method then calls the `createEditedTransaction` method, which creates a new `Transaction` object with the updated values after editing. Note that this `Transaction` object is a different object from what is stored in UniCash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The `EditTransactionCommand#execute` method then calls the `createEditedTransaction` method, which creates a new `Transaction` object with the updated values after editing. Note that this `Transaction` object is a different object from what is stored in UniCa$h.
```

> 8. The `EditTransactionCommand#execute` method then updates UniCash with the new `Transaction` using the `Model#setTransaction` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. The `EditTransactionCommand#execute` method then updates UniCa$h with the new `Transaction` using the `Model#setTransaction` method.
```
